I'm a 16 year veteran
UX and product designer.
I have a diverse set of experiences,
but my specialties are in SASS-
based enterprise level software.
For the last 10 years or so I've
been working in that space either
directly or has a consultant.
I have a wider skill set being able
to code in several languages, but also
getting an art degree back in day.
Doing print and graphic design
on the side early on. I've
also worked at small agencies to
large international corporations.
So I'm quite comfortable and meeting
rooms, talking to many different teams.
Also, I'm quite adept at running
workshops for any topic from
design itself to business
problems, to organizational issues.